layout: page
title: "Construcubes demo privacy notice"
permalink: /construcube/demo/privacy

**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Construcubes - demo app for Meta Quest devices, together with any related services operated by Maxime SCHADKOWSKI (collectively, the "Application"). Maxime SCHADKOWSKI is hereby referred to as the "Service Provider".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application does not collect or store any information when you download and use it.

**Changes**

The Service Provider may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The Service Provider will notify you of material changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy with an effective date. Where required by law, the Service Provider will seek your consent to material changes before they take effect.

Previous versions of this Privacy Policy will be maintained and made available upon request by contacting the Service Provider at maximeetsgames@gmail.com.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2026-06-16

**Your Consent**

Where processing is based on consent, you provide that consent by affirmatively opting in to the relevant feature or action. You may withdraw consent at any time without affecting processing carried out before withdrawal. Processing based on other lawful bases is carried out as described above.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at maximeetsgames@gmail.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)